#summary Build the SlideShow example using Maven with the Masa plugin
#labels Featured,Phase-Deploy

= Introduction =

Masa (http://code.google.com/p/masa) is a set of [http://maven.apache.org/ Maven] plugins that enable maven builds of android projects.


= Details =

The SlideShow example in this project comes with a pom.xml that requires the installation of masa to successfully build in maven.  For more information about setting up masa see http://code.google.com/p/masa/wiki/GettingStarted.

The primary motivation for masa in this project is to deploy junit tests to the emulator.  Unfortunately, this isn't currently exposed in the pom - but realizing this goal is [http://code.google.com/p/android-slideshow/wiki/Version1_0Milestones next on the project roadmap].  It suffices to say the 0.5 release has gone through sufficient manual testing for general use.

= Instructions =

To build the SlideShowExample project and deply it to the emulator using maven:
  # Remove R.java from the project in the package com.freebeachler.android.component.slideshow.example.  As of this writing it will cause a conflict because maven is building R.java in target/generated-sources which is causing a conflict with Eclipse's default build settings.  Be sure to disable "Build Automatically" for your project/workspace in Eclipse if you plan on using maven as the primary build tool.
  # Open a terminal or command prompt.
  # cd /path/to/your/slideshow/example/project (where the project's AndroidManifest.xml lives)
  # Build the project using maven.

For example, type:
{{{
mvn install -Dmasa.debug
}}}